In this lab, I implemented three main creative parts to make my app more interactive and user-friendly. These three additions have significantly changed and enhanced the user experience with my app.

First, some users enter the app with a clear goal to search for a movie. Meanwhile, there are also some users who just want to browse through the app and look for a fun movie to watch. Thus, I designed the entry page of my app to be an interface that recommends popular movies to the user. The popular movies are pushed to the interface randomly from TMDB. The entry interface shows a high resolution poster and embedded titles and overviews (the overview section is scrollable) of the movie. At the bottom of each movie poster, the users have the options to save the recommended movie to the favorite list and to see the next recommended movie. The user can achieve this by simply click the heart icon or click the arrow icon. After the user likes a movie (clicks the heart and adds it to the favorite list), the heart will turn red, indicating that the user has already added this movie to the favorite list. This function is achieved by querying the TMDb API for the most popular movies and randomly selects one of them to push to the view. When the user clicks the heart button, the information of the current movie will be saved to the favorite list. When the user clicks the next button, a new random index is generated and a new popular movie is picked. 

Second, to extend on the functionality of browsing through popular movies, I also implemented a collections page which lists the top popular movies by different genres. The user can see and scroll through the top popular movies in genres such as action, comedy, mysterious, and romance. Every row is scrollable from left to right. Inside each genre, I also added the name of the movie together with the poster so that the user can learn the name of the movie as well as seeing the movie poster. This functionality is implemented by adding four UICollectionViews. The data is collected by querying the API for popular movies lists with specific genres. The data with movies of different genres are tagged with numbers from 1 to 4 and differentiated using switch statements.

Thirdly, when the user searches for a movie in the search interface, they can click on the movie's poster and see the details of this movie. Similar to the movie recommendation interface, under the movie poster, there are two buttons--like and download. By clicking the heart icon, the users can very straightforwardly save the movie to their favorite list, and the heart will turn red to indicate that this movie is added to the favorite list. If the users feel like that they really like a movie and would like to share it with their friends (or just to save it as one of their movie poster collections), then they can even click the download button on the right and save the high resolution poster of the movie to their local album. When testing, the users need to give access to the app to add photos to album before they can download movie posters. This functionality is achieved through implementing the UIImageWriteToSavedPhotosAlbum() method. It saves the UIImage to Photos.  

Also, in the favorite tab, there is a number that indicates the total number of favorite movies that are currently stored in the list.

In conclusion, in this lab's creative portion, I added three main functions: an interface that allows the users to browse through and save recommended popular movies, an interface that allows the user to browse through popular movies by genres, and a function that allows the users to download the movie poster to their local album. These three functions significantly enhanced the user experience and completed the app as a real movie browser. Now, the user not only can search for and document their favorite movies, but they can also browse through the popular movies and learn about the current trends in movies. 
